Create ui-c8y-1019-23-5-direct-sub-users-count-indicator-for-a-user-is-missing-in.md (#2001)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1019-23-5-direct-sub-users-count-indicator-for-a-user-is-missing-in.md

---
date: ""

> title: Direct-sub-users-count-indicator-for-a-user-is-missing-in-users-list-page (#6222) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6235)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Direct sub-users count indicator for a user is missing in users list page
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-59054
version: 1019.23.5
---

> Direct-sub-users-count-indicator-for-a-user-is-missing-in-users-list-page (#6222) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6235)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
In the users list page, the direct sub-users count indicator for a user was missing. This indicator has now been added to provide visibility into the number of direct sub-users for each user. With this change, administrators and users can easily see the count of direct sub-users, enabling them to better understand and manage the user hierarchy and relationships within the system.
```
